{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 CMR12;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f5\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red34\green34\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red37\green37\blue37;\red0\green0\blue255;\red102\green51\blue102;\red0\green255\blue255;\red170\green187\blue255;\red170\green170\blue255;\red238\green238\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\cf1\highlight2\b\f0\fs28\lang9 Name : Sanju S\par
USN   : 1PI09IS084                                   \par
\par
MSE-ASSIGNMENT 3\par
\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 1) Explore the DVM instructions and prepare a summary of the same atleast for 5 instructions in a detailed format\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 i) instruction name:\par
ii) syntax\par
iii)example\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\cf0\highlight0\f0\fs24 Android is one of the most popular operating systems (OS) for mobile touchscreen devices, including smart-phones and tablet computers. Dalvik is a process virtual machine (VM) that provides an abstraction layer over the Android OS,and runs the Java-based Android applications.\par
The normal development environment restricts the Dalvik VM to run on top of Android,and requires an updated Android image to be built and installed on the target device after any change to the Dalvik code. This update-build-install process un-necessarily slows down any Dalvik VM exploration. \par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj However, the Dalvik VM is not distributed as a stand-alone component, and can only execute within the context provided by the Android OS. Likewise, the An-droid open-source community provides no instructions for only building/installing the Dalvik VM sub-component on the host machine.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b Instructins:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\f2\par
\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\b\f0 Mnemonic\cf0\b0\f3\fs22\cell 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf3\b\f0\fs24 Bit Sizes\cf0\b0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\b\f0\fs24 Meaning\cf0\b0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 B\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 8\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 immediate signed\~\b b\b0 yte\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 C\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 16, 32\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\b\f0\fs24 c\b0 onstant pool index\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 F\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 16\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 inter\b f\b0 ace constants (only used in statically linked formats)\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 H\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 16\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 immediate signed\~\b h\b0 at (high-order bits of a 32- or 64-bit value; low-order bits are all\~0)\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 I\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 32\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 immediate signed\~\b i\b0 nt, or 32-bit float\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 L\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 64\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 immediate signed\~\b l\b0 ong, or 64-bit double\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 M\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 16\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\b\f0\fs24 m\b0 ethod constants (only used in statically linked formats)\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 N\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 4\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 immediate signed\~\b n\b0 ibble\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 S\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 16\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 immediate signed\~\b s\b0 hort\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 T\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 8, 16, 32\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 branch\~\b t\b0 arget\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph7\trrh1\trpaddl7\trpaddr7\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx1169\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx2035\clvertalc\clcfpat3\clcbpat2\cellx9116 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f0\fs24 X\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 0\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f0\fs24 no additional data\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Instruction Set:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\f2\par
\trowd\trgaph14\trleft720\trrh1\trpaddl14\trpaddr14\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clvertalc\clcbpat8\cellx1768\clvertalc\clcbpat8\cellx3712\clvertalc\clcbpat8\cellx5935\clvertalc\clcbpat8\cellx9056 
\pard\intbl\sb360\sa360\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf3\b\f1\fs20 Op & Format\cf0\b0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\b\f1\fs20 Mnemonic / Syntax\cf0\b0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\b\f1\fs20 Arguments\cf0\b0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\b\f1\fs20 Description\cf0\b0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft720\trrh1\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx1768\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx3712\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx5935\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx9056 
\pard\intbl\sb360\sa360\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f4\fs18 00 10x\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs18 Nop\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f1\fs20\~\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f1\fs20 Waste cycles.\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft720\trrh1\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx1768\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx3712\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx5935\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx9056 
\pard\intbl\sb360\sa360\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f4\fs18 01 12x\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs18 move vA, vB\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs20 A:\f1\~destination register (4 bits)\line\f4 B:\f1\~source register (4 bits)\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f1\fs20 Move the contents of one non-object register to another.\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft720\trrh1\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx1768\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx3712\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx5935\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx9056 
\pard\intbl\sb360\sa360\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f4\fs18 02 22x\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs18 move/from16 vAA, vBBBB\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs20 A:\f1\~destination register (8 bits)\line\f4 B:\f1\~source register (16 bits)\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f1\fs20 Move the contents of one non-object register to another.\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft720\trrh1\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx1768\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx3712\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx5935\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx9056 
\pard\intbl\sb360\sa360\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f4\fs18 03 32x\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs18 move/16 vAAAA, vBBBB\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs20 A:\f1\~destination register (16 bits)\line\f4 B:\f1\~source register (16 bits)\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f1\fs20 Move the contents of one non-object register to another.\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft720\trrh1\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx1768\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx3712\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx5935\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx9056 
\pard\intbl\sb360\sa360\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f4\fs18 04 12x\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs18 move-wide vA, vB\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs20 A:\f1\~destination register pair (4 bits)\line\f4 B:\f1\~source register pair (4 bits)\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f1\fs20 Move the contents of one register-pair to another.\par

\pard\intbl\sb80\sl240\slmult1\b Note:\b0\~It is legal to move from\~\f4 v\i N\i0\f1\~to either\~\f4 v\i N-1\i0\f1\~or\~\f4 v\i N+1\i0\f1 , so implementations must arrange for both halves of a register pair to be read before anything is written.\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row\trowd\trgaph30\trleft720\trrh1\trpaddl30\trpaddr30\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx1768\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx3712\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx5935\clcbpat10\clbrdrt\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9\clbrdrb\brdrw12\brdrs\brdrcf9 \cellx9056 
\pard\intbl\sl240\slmult1\cf3\f4\fs18 05 22x\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs18 move-wide/from16 vAA, vBBBB\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f4\fs20 A:\f1\~destination register pair (8 bits)\line\f4 B:\f1\~source register pair (16 bits)\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\cf3\f1\fs20 Move the contents of one register-pair to another.\par

\pard\intbl\sb80\sl240\slmult1\b Note:\b0\~Implementation considerations are the same as\~\f4 move-wide\f1 , above.\cf0\f3\fs22\cell\row 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f2\fs24\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\cf3\b\f0\fs28 Syntax:\par
\b0\fs24 The third column of the format table indicates the human-oriented syntax for instructions which use the indicated format. Each instruction starts with the named opcode and is optionally followed by one or more arguments, themselves separated with commas.\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1 Wherever an argument refers to a field from the first column, the letter for that field is indicated in the syntax, repeated once for each four bits of the field. For example, an eight-bit field labeled "BB" in the first column would also be labeled "BB" in the syntax column.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Arguments which name a register have the form "vX". The prefix "v" was chosen instead of the more common "r" exactly to avoid conflicting with (non-virtual) architectures on which a Dalvik virtual machine might be implemented which themselves use the prefix "r" for their registers. That is, this decision makes it possible to talk about both virtual and real registers together without the need for circumlocution.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Arguments which indicate a literal value have the form "#+X". Some formats indicate literals that only have non-zero bits in their high-order bits; for these, the zeroes are represented explicitly in the syntax, even though they do not appear in the bitwise representation.\par

\pard\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\b Example:\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\b0 Arguments which indicate a relative instruction address offset have the form "+X".\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1 Arguments which indicate a literal constant pool index have the form "kind@X", where "kind" indicates which constant pool is being referred to. Each opcode that uses such a format explicitly allows only one kind of constant; see the opcode reference to figure out the correspondence. The four kinds of constant pool are "string" (string pool index), "type" (type pool index), "field" (field pool index), and "meth" (method pool index).\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1 Similar to the representation of constant pool indices, there are also suggested (optional) forms that indicate prelinked offsets or indices. These prelinked values include "vtaboff" (vtable offset), "fieldoff" (field offset), and "iface" (interface pool index).\par
In the cases where a format value isn't explictly part of the syntax but instead picks a variant, each variant is listed with the prefix "[X=N]" (e.g., "[B=2]") to indicate the correspondence.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf4\highlight2\par
\par
\b\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 2)\cf1\b0 Differentiate between mobile and cloud computing\cf4\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Mobile computing\~\b0 is taking a physical device with you. This could be a laptop or a mobile phone or some device which enables you to\~{\cf5\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telecommuting"}}{\fldrslt{telework}}}}\f0\fs24   working wherever you go because of the small size of the device you\rquote re using.\par
\cf3 Mobile apps may use the cloud for both app development as well as hosting. A number of unique characteristics of hosted apps make the mobile cloud different from regular cloud computing.\~\cf4\par
\b Cloud computing:\par
\cf0\highlight0\b0 The cloud has historically been used as a metaphor for the Internet and is commonly used in network diagrams to represent connections between entities, connected through the Internet\par
\b Main Key differneces:\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li375\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx720\cf3\highlight2 Total cloud dependency -\~\b0 When using mobile cloud computing, apps may rely on the cloud for everything, especially when you are trying to develop the same app to run on multiple platforms at the same time using a browser interface. An example of this is an app that runs on Apple\~\cf6\ul iOS\cf3\ulnone ,\~{\cf6\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://searchenterpriselinux.techtarget.com/definition/Android"}}{\fldrslt{Android}}}}\f0\fs24 , BlackBerry and Microsoft Windows Phone operating systems. Because of the differences between these platforms, developers may rely on the\~{\cf6\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://searchconsumerization.techtarget.com/guides/Consumerization-and-the-cloud-How-mobile-cloud-apps-are-changing-IT"}}{\fldrslt{mobile cloud}}}}\f0\fs24\~to perform all of the computing and storage to avoid multiple development and maintenance efforts with individual native apps.\par

\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx720\b Mobile cloud computing needs to be communication fault tolerant\b0\~\f5\endash\f0  Mobile connections can become weaker and may even disconnect while an application is being used. The cloud may need to be capable of monitoring the connection strength and needs to be fault tolerant of these possible communications disconnects.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}\b Distance matters in mobile cloud computing\b0\~\f5\endash\f0  Mobile applications when using the mobile cloud may be sensitive to network latencies caused by distance from the server much more than regular\~{\cf6\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://searchcloudcomputing.techtarget.com/definition/cloud-computing"}}{\fldrslt{cloud computing}}}}\f0\fs24 . The mobile end user experience may suffer if these latencies are too long.\par

\pard\li375\sl360\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf0\highlight0\b Conclusion:\par
\cf3\highlight2\b0 Mobile apps demand a lot more from the mobile cloud than regular cloud computing. Most of these differences are due to the limited energy availability, network latencies and unreliable connectivity in mobile devices. Fortunately, recognizing these differences and adding additional capabilities to the mobile cloud to address them, you can deliver as good an end user experience on mobiles, as you can on desktops and laptops.\cf4\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf0\highlight0\fs22\par
\cf1\highlight2\fs24\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj 3)\~Give an example of an application simulating an environment of \~context aware computing and justify.\par
An intelligent electronic tourist guide.\par
Group-based tours are inherently inflexible with fixed starting times and fixed durations and (like most guidebooks) \par
are constrained by the need to satisfy the interests of the majority rather than the specific interests of \par
individuals. Following a period of requirements capture, involving experts in the field of tourism, \par
an app was developed and installed for visitors to Lancaster. The system combines mobile computing technologies \par
with a wireless infrastructure to present city visitors with information tailored to both their personal and \par
environmental contexts.\par
}
 